Updates and additions to community distributions page (#280)
chef/chef-oss-practices: distributions/distribution-list.md

# Distributions

Along with the [offical Chef distributions](https://downloads.chef.io/) of our Open Source projects, members of our community have created alternative distributions of Chef's Open Source products. These are listed below.

## Cinc

The Cinc project currently includes community distributions of Chef Infra-client (Cinc Client) and Chef InSpec (Cinc Auditor).

> 

Reviewer: Could you please add our website as well? https://cinc.sh

Author: done!

# Distributions

> Along with the [offical Chef distributions](https://downloads.chef.io/) of our Open Source projects, members of our community have created alternative distributions of Chef's Open Source products. These are listed below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Along with the [official Chef distributions](https://downloads.chef.io/) of our Open Source projects, members of our community have created alternative distributions of Chef's Open Source products. These are listed below.
```

While you're in here 👼

## Cinc

The Cinc project currently includes community distributions of Chef Infra Client (Cinc Client) and Chef InSpec (Cinc Auditor).

* [Source Code](https://gitlab.com/cinc-project)
* [Builds](http://downloads.cinc.sh/)
* [Project Site](https://cinc.sh/)

## Biome

This is a community distribution of Habitat.

* [Source Code](https://github.com/biome-sh/biome)
* [Project Site](https://biome.sh/)

## Goiardi

Not technically a community distribution, Goiardi is a feature-limited implementation of Chef Server, written in [Go](https://golang.org/).

* [Source Code](https://github.com/ctdk/goiardi)
* [Project Site](http://goiardi.gl/)

> If you know of anything wrong or missing, please feel free to email community@chef.io or open a pull request to update this page!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have any updates or corrections, please feel free to email community@chef.io or open a pull request to update this page!
```

How about a rewording of what changes people might have?

# Distributions

Along with the [offical Chef distributions](https://downloads.chef.io/) of our Open Source projects, members of our community have created alternative distributions of Chef's Open Source products. These are listed below.

## Cinc

> The Cinc project currently includes community distributions of Chef Infra-client (Cinc Client) and Chef InSpec (Cinc Auditor).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The Cinc project currently includes community distributions of Chef Infra Client (Cinc Client) and Chef InSpec (Cinc Auditor).
```

* [Source Code](https://gitlab.com/cinc-project)
* [Builds](http://downloads.cinc.sh/)
* [Project Site](https://cinc.sh/)

## Biome

This is a community distribution of Habitat.

* [Source Code](https://github.com/biome-sh/biome)
* [Project Site](https://biome.sh/)

## Goiardi

> Not technically a community distribution, this Goiardi is a feature-limited implemention of Chef Server, written in [Go](https://golang.org/).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Not technically a community distribution, Goiardi is a feature-limited implementation of Chef Server, written in [Go](https://golang.org/).
```

* [Source Code](https://github.com/ctdk/goiardi)
* [Project Site](http://goiardi.gl/)

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```
